hi there my name is justin is my first
video cod today i went out and this
morning I picked up whoa intense the
prisms I station called i bought the
only two pairs of twelve at the store so
um it's got a slide up boxes but as all
really limited to green paper like the
LeBron logo and the end I don't want to
see ya I've already warned the inside
but I want to school I got them but is
the shoe it's normal the Brawn 10 but
it's got unfortunately they didn't make
the shoe in the lebron 10 plus that
would have been a lot better but the
lining is multicolored geometric
patterns as you can see through a prism
that tongue is really really cool yeah I
flywire so you can see in there nike
flywire um it's got instead of just the
normal logo right there it's got a multi
colored diamond yeah it's got the
outdoor soul on it which it was the
clear sold but it's not unfortunately uh
yeah eglee again multicolored the prison
the phone logo and then LeBron James's
signature basically I bought them each
for 100 a dollar champs um I was first
on there when they came out but I bought
so they selling out fast I've won then
they're super comfy they have the know
if I can take the insole out
no but it's insanely comfortable just
like walking on a cloud but yeah
unfortunately they're not the lebron x
plus which would make the swish have the
diamond design and feel to it and also
would give it the lace lock which I feel
would have been really cool in the prism
color scheme colorway but yeah they're
one hundred and eighty dollars um if you
can still get a pair of the stores I
don't know how fast they sold out really
there were there weren't a ton of people
where I was but um I was in a small town
mall and I'm surprised I had any yeah so
that's the brown ten prisms